[All] Cleaning up references to wrangler.toml. (#19403)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/languages/python/index.mdx

[secrets](/workers/configuration/secrets/),and
[bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).

> For example, let's try setting and using an environment variable in a Python Worker. First, add the environment variable to your Worker's Wrangler configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let us try setting and using an environment variable in a Python Worker. First, add the environment variable to your Worker's Wrangler configuration file:
```
